
https://github.com/JoranHonig/tree-sitter-solidity MIT License
https://github.com/alex-pinkus/tree-sitter-swift MIT License
https://github.com/elixir-lang/tree-sitter-elixir MIT License
https://github.com/ikatyang/tree-sitter-yaml MIT License
https://github.com/joker1007/tree-sitter-rbs MIT License
https://github.com/nix-community/tree-sitter-nix MIT License
https://github.com/phoenixframework/tree-sitter-heex MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-arduino MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-bicep MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-bitbake MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-cairo MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-capnp MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-chatito MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-commonlisp MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-cpon MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-csv MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-cuda MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-doxygen MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-firrtl Apache License 2.0
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-func MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-gitattributes MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-glsl MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-gn MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-go-sum MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-gpg-config MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-gstlaunch MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-hare MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-hcl Apache License 2.0
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-hlsl MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-hyprlang MIT License (Assumed)
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-ispc MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-kconfig MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-kdl MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-linkerscript MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-lua MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-luadoc MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-luap MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-luau MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-make MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-markdown MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-meson MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-nqc MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-objc MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-odin MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-pem MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-po MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-poe-filter MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-pony MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-printf ISC License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-properties MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-puppet MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-pymanifest MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-qmldir MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-query Apache License 2.0
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-re2c MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-readline MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-requirements MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-ron Apache License 2.0
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-slang MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-smali MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-squirrel MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-ssh-config MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-starlark MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-svelte MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-tablegen MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-tcl MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-test MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-thrift MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-toml MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-udev MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-ungrammar MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-uxntal MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-vim MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-vue MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-scss MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-hyperlang MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-wgsl-bevy MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-xcompose MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-xml MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-yaml MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter-grammars/tree-sitter-yuck MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-agda MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-bash MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-c MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-c-sharp MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-cpp MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-css MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-embedded-template MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-go MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-haskell MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-html MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-java MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-javascript MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-jsdoc MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-json MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-julia MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-ocaml MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-php MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-python MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-ql MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-ruby MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-rust MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-scala MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-typescript MIT License
https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter-verilog MIT License
https://github.com/elm-tooling/tree-sitter-elm MIT License
https://github.com/stadelmanma/tree-sitter-fortran MIT License
https://github.com/Wilfred/tree-sitter-elisp MIT License
https://github.com/fwcd/tree-sitter-kotlin MIT License
https://github.com/derekstride/tree-sitter-sql MIT License
https://github.com/stsewd/tree-sitter-rst MIT License
https://github.com/slackhq/tree-sitter-hack MIT License
https://github.com/camdencheek/tree-sitter-go-mod MIT License
https://github.com/rydesun/tree-sitter-dot MIT License
https://github.com/xlittlerag/tree-sitter-clarity MIT License
